so ever wonder why your dog can't eat
grapes who paints the Eiffel Tower or
with the numbers on airport runways mean
I've got the answer to these and a ton
of other questions now your pooch can't
have grades or raisins because these
products contain a substance that's
super toxic for dogs the cardboard
holder you put around your takeaway cup
has an official name it's called oz ARF
it goes back centuries ago when it was
made from metal wood or coconuts
when domain's first appeared many people
bought them only to sell them later at a
hefty price some of them cost from three
to ninety million bucks the smallest
possible size is the Planck length which
has even made it to the Guinness World
Records this length is a millionth of a
billionth of a billionth of a billionth
of a centimeter across see now oh well a
Canadian study found that the woman's
heart beats 2.3 hours ahead of the
male's heart
well the average male's heart beats
around 70 times a minute a woman's heart
rate goes up to 80 beats honey bees have
3 million hairs and 5 eyes the large
eyes on the sides of their head have
tiny hairs on them it's believed they
can detect wind direction a group of
dolphins is called a pod
a group of rhinoceroses is called a
crash and a group of ferrets is called a
business hmm I think I work for some
ferrets once
the human eye is so sensitive
that if earth did not have a curve and
it was completely dark you'd be able to
see a candle from dozens of miles away
71% of the earth's surface is covered
with water almost 97% of this water is
in the oceans lakes and rivers hold only
a tiny percentage scientists believe
nothing in the universe travels faster
than the speed of light just ahead of
gossip on Twitter at the same time they
admit the universe may be expanding
faster than the speed of light the
center of a comet is called a nucleus
it's made of rock dust and frozen gases
which reminds me
there are around six thousand six
hundred known comets but scientists
believe there's more than a trillion of
them in our solar system alone until
1909 naturalist believed that hippos
were related to pigs later it was
discovered that their closest living
relatives were dolphins whales and
porpoises airport runway numbers are
connected with compass directions runway
927 is oriented east-west and runway
18/36 goes from the south to the north
even though chocolate isn't healthy for
your teeth pure cocoa beans can prevent
tooth decay
the chemicals in these beans help get
rid of harmful bacteria
April 12th is the official grilled
cheese sandwich day and the first
Saturday of September is international
bacon day October 1st is known as
international coffee day well now I need
some breakfast it takes seven to eight
trees to provide enough oxygen for a
person around 27,000 trees are cut every
day to meet the world's toilet paper
demand
the butterflies you get in your stomach
is actually your body's reaction to
stress it starts to produce more
adrenaline in the fight-or-flight
response
unlike modern reptiles dinosaurs shed
their skin gradually by the way
scientists are still trying to figure
out how these animals reproduced
I'm guessing dinner and a movie but
scientists have proved reindeer can see
UV light unlike other mammals it took
only 410 days to build the Empire State
Building it was completed in April 1931
twelve days ahead of schedule if you
keep fish in a tank without any light
source they'll lose their color your
foot is the same length as your forearm
from your wrist to the crook of your
elbow the first person who documented
this back was Leonardo da Vinci the
seeds of stone fruits such as cherries
plums peaches and apricots contains a
substance that can break down into
hydrogen cyanide it's poisonous in large
quantities the first spacecraft that
successfully orbited Mars was Mariner 4
it flew past the planet in 1965 and made
the first close-up photos it stayed in
orbit for three years your brain uses up
to 20% of the entire body's oxygen
supply Jupiter is the largest planet in
the Solar System the giant could hold 11
earths inside of it but the Sun is way
more massive the star is as big as 1.3
million earths
around 16 million storms on earth every
year and 2,000 of them are happening
right at this minute pound cake got its
name because it contained one pound of
each ingredient butter flour eggs and
sugar hey wait would that be a four
pound cake anyway
the original recipe dates back to the
early 1700s but nowadays there are many
other variations a bookworm is any
insect that munches its way through
books and creates holes in their pages
the most famous or should I say infamous
one is the book louse it feeds on the
mold that grows in old books double
rainbows appear when two reflections
happen inside the same drop of water
that's also the reason why the second
arc has its colors reversed red pandas
have no close living relatives their
nearest family members lived around 3 to
4 million years ago there's an island in
the Bahamas known as the pig beach is
populated entirely by pigs a few stray
cats and some goats there is melanin in
the human iris it builds up and gives
eyes different shades the darker your
eyes are the more melanin you have the
most common eye color is brown up to 79%
of people all over the world have brown
eyes and only 2% of the population have
green eyes the only window that can open
in a presidential car is the one on the
driver's side the vehicle also has no
keyholes and just a few people know how
to open it until 1912 the Olympic gold
medals were made of solid gold now
they're made of silver and only six
grams of gold
Sudan has more pyramids than Egypt
there's a total of 255 pyramids in Sudan
it's about twice the number of Egyptian
pyramids red tomato green basil and
white mozzarella on top of the pizza
margherita represent the Italian flag
the pizza itself goes back centuries ago
when a Neapolitan pizza maker prepared
the dish to honor the Queen consort
Margherita when dogs are born they're
entirely blind and deaf that's because
the nerves in their eyes and ears aren't
fully developed puppies usually open
their eyes one to two weeks later during
this time the only sense that fully
functions is touch the most abundant
element in the universe is hydrogen it
makes up to 74 percent of all matter
it's followed by helium and oxygen the
rest is trace elements neutron stars are
so dense that just a teaspoon of their
material would weigh a billion tons
these heavy guys can also spin up to
43,000 times per minute snow is made of
ice crystals it means it can be
classified as a mineral the only problem
is that snow can't keep its form at room
temperature animals like horses zebras
and donkeys have only one toe on each
leg but some of their extinct ancestors
had three to four toes your tongue has
2,000 to 4,000 taste buds it's also the
only muscle in your body that's attached
only at one end there are 12,000 known
species of grass on earth and 30,000 to
1 million species of algae
the Eiffel Tower is painted by hand
every seven years all the paint that's
accumulated on the tower over the years
weighs almost as much as a space shuttle
the Great Pyramid of Giza has eight
sides not four even though it has a
square in its base each side has a split
going from its base to the tip this
creates small indentations curved
inwards the term bi-weekly has two
meanings happening twice a week or
taking place every two weeks Bulls don't
really see red they're colorblind what
angers dumb is the movement of the
dancing fabric the quietest room in the
world is at Microsoft's headquarters in
Redmond Washington the background noise
there is close to the absolute zero of
sound scientists from the University of
Georgia estimate there are five million
trillion trillion bacteria on earth in
case you're interested that's a five
surrounded by 30 zeros the most
expensive coin in the world was sold for
10 million dollars in 2013 it was the
first dollar coin issued in the US it
was minted between 1794 and 1796 in 2011
National Geographic found out that the
most typical person is right-handed
makes not more than twelve thousand
dollars a year and has a cell phone but
no bank account
finally when Neil Armstrong send his
application to become an astronaut it
arrived too late
luckily one of his friends managed to
slip in the form along with the others
[Music]